Travel was so much more fun with a companion.
Ferdinand Magellan could not think of anyone more boring than Professor Charles Xavier.
Ferdinand Magellan pushed Professor Charles Xavier away.
"We're through" said Professor Charles Xavier to Ferdinand Magellan.
"Where are you?!?" shouted Ferdinand Magellan desperately.
Professor Charles Xavier had no doubts about Ferdinand Magellan.
The best laid traps of mice and men oft go astray; so will Ferdinand Magellan's trap succeed?.
Professor Charles Xavier crucially underestimated Ferdinand Magellan.
Ferdinand Magellan finally caught up to Professor Charles Xavier.
Professor Charles Xavier's plight pulled on Ferdinand Magellan's heartstrings.
Ferdinand Magellan let Professor Charles Xavier off its chain.
Professor Charles Xavier stalked and harassed Ferdinand Magellan.
Ferdinand Magellan snuck away to hide from Professor Charles Xavier.
Professor Charles Xavier chased after Ferdinand Magellan.
Professor Charles Xavier found out where Ferdinand Magellan was hiding.
Ferdinand Magellan grovelled at Professor Charles Xavier's feet.
Professor Charles Xavier sent Ferdinand Magellan to prison.
Professor Charles Xavier was not the fool that Ferdinand Magellan imagined.
Ferdinand Magellan broke free of Professor Charles Xavier's clutches.
Professor Charles Xavier chased after Ferdinand Magellan.
the best laid traps of mice and men oft go astray; so will Ferdinand Magellan's trap succeed?




Devon Banks felt that a rock could do the job better than Jack Donaghy was doing it.
Jack Donaghy intimidated Devon Banks with threats of violence.
Devon Banks brought a legal case against Jack Donaghy.
Jack Donaghy launched a counter suit against Devon Banks.
Devon Banks denounced Jack Donaghy to the world.
Jack Donaghy grovelled for forgiveness from Devon Banks.
Devon Banks banished Jack Donaghy from the kingdom.
Jack Donaghy put distance between itself and Devon Banks.
Devon Banks hurled cruel taunts at Jack Donaghy.
Jack Donaghy bared its teeth to Devon Banks.
Devon Banks thoroughly respected Jack Donaghy.
Jack Donaghy took full advantage of Devon Banks.
Jack Donaghy abused and degraded Devon Banks.
Jack Donaghy owed a great deal to Devon Banks.
Devon Banks gave Jack Donaghy a big pay off.
Jack Donaghy made a lot of money from Devon Banks.
Devon Banks corrupted Jack Donaghy's soul.
Jack Donaghy placed its trust in Devon Banks.
Devon Banks used blackmail to manipulate Jack Donaghy.
Jack Donaghy left Devon Banks hanging for what was owed it.
Thereafter Jack Donaghy began the slow process of rebuilding a ruined life from scratch

Something clicked inside Olive Oyl when Bluto came along.
Bluto turned its back on Olive Oyl.
Olive Oyl subjected Bluto to a barrage of compliments.
Bluto showed favoritism toward Olive Oyl.
Olive Oyl manipulated Bluto as a puppeteer manipulates a puppet.
Bluto had total confidence in Olive Oyl.
Olive Oyl sacrificed Bluto to achieve its larger goal.
Bluto missed Olive Oyl very much.
The ghost of Bluto came back to haunt Olive Oyl.
"Forgive Me" begged Olive Oyl of Bluto.
Soon after Olive Oyl developed a nervous twitch that -- like Bluto -- never went away


Count Dracula never should have made an enemy of Abraham Van Helsing.
Abraham Van Helsing won Count Dracula's admiration.
Count Dracula learned a valuable lesson from Abraham Van Helsing.
Abraham Van Helsing reprogrammed Count Dracula's brain with dogma.
Count Dracula was completely taken in by Abraham Van Helsing.
Count Dracula threatened to hurt Abraham Van Helsing.
Abraham Van Helsing followed Count Dracula's orders to the letter.
Count Dracula unscupulously took advantage of Abraham Van Helsing.
Soon after Abraham Van Helsing had a heart attack and was forced to take early retirement


Mr.Krabs was hiring so Sheldon J.Plankton applied for a job.
Sheldon J.Plankton cheated Mr.Krabs out of its due.
Mr.Krabs refused to pay what it owed Sheldon J.Plankton.
Sheldon J.Plankton made threats against Mr.Krabs.
Mr.Krabs decided to get the hell outa Dodge.
Sheldon J.Plankton found out where Mr.Krabs was hiding.
Mr.Krabs gave Sheldon J.Plankton an almighty wallop.
Sheldon J.Plankton cursed Mr.Krabs and wished it harm.
But it is often harder to forgive than to lash out
